you know between the Bachelorette and
the Muller testimony this is a big week
for men
for something can i is there a problem
can I help you oh no thank you I'm just
heading to the premiere so cutting
through okay
just cutting through which the Premier's
across the street so anyway well tonight
on the show yes the premiere is right
across street tonight we have music from
[Music]
oh okay so you know this is I don't he's
cutting through this is that
but I just wanna say this is not some
kind of an alleyway this is the alleyway
no this is not I just said this is not
some kind of a no anyway thanks Jimmy
[Applause]
you know some of these some of these
stars they think they own the place they
think they can just interrupt the a
total
what is going on what are you what are
you doing yeah I'm real sorry Jimmy I'm
I'm just I was cutting through no no no
no no I oh you're not good I actually
came here to invite your whole audience
to our premiere
someone who seems like a few of them do
want to go so we'll work that out
alright I'll just go right through there
yeah up here
oh and good luck with the ocean all
right guys for that guys I'm really
sorry hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to
see all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on